[Workers] workers.dev routes update (#1789)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/routes.md

\* _A zone that you have registered with some registrar (not workers.dev) and setup Cloudflare to serve as [a reverse proxy](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/cdn/glossary/reverse-proxy/)._

## Routes with *.workers.dev

> Cloudflare Workers accounts come with a `*.workers.dev` subdomain that is configurable from the Workers dashboard sidebar. `*.workers.dev` allows you to deploy your Workers script [without a registered Cloudflare domain](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Workers accounts come with a `*.workers.dev` subdomain that is configurable from the Workers dashboard sidebar. Your `*.workers.dev` subdomain allows you to deploy Workers scripts [without attaching a custom domain as a Cloudflare zone](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/).
```

> To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**. The `name` field in your Worker configuration is used as the secondary subdomain for the deployed script, (e.g., `my-worker.my-subdomain.workers.dev.`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**. The `name` field in your Worker configuration is used as the secondary subdomain for the deployed script; for example, `my-worker.my-subdomain.workers.dev`.
```

> To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**. The `name` field in your Worker configuration is used as the secondary subdomain for the deployed script, (e.g., `my-worker.my-subdomain.workers.dev.`).

Author: ```suggestion
To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, such as `my-subdomain.workers.dev`, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**. The `name` field in your Worker configuration is used as the secondary subdomain for the deployed script, (e.g., `my-worker.my-subdomain.workers.dev.`).
```
